So now,
we're going to be generating our own new TypeScript
CDK application using the CLI.
So to make this happen, here's what we're going to be doing in this demo.
First of all,
we're going to be verifying our CDK installation because here we
need the CLI to be able to generate the project.
Next,
we will use the CDK to generate that new application, and then we'll
be reviewing the CDK TypeScript project structure so you understand
what was created and how you use it.
So, let's dive in.
So I'm here within my terminal, and the first thing I'm going
to run is I'm going to run cdk ‑‑version.
And when I do,
I'm going to get back the version number for the CDK
that I have installed on my machine.
Now, an important note here. The CDK is still under active development.
That means there are a lot of changes that are coming in.
You'll see updates pretty much weekly,
so this version number is going to quickly increment.
You need to always be sure that you're updating both the versions
that you're using with your project and also the global CDK CLI
that you have installed on your machine.
Now,
if you don't have the latest version or if you don't
have any version at all of the CDK, you can simply install it using npm.
So I'm going to say npm install aws‑cdk ‑g, and this will install this globally.
And we can see here that I have installed it, and it is
the same version that I had previously.
Now, once I have this in place,
I need to create a directory for my TypeScript project.
And I'm going to create a directory here called typescript‑cdk,
and I'm going to change into that directory.
Now that I'm in the directory, I can now use the CLI to create a new project.
So I'm going to say cdk init, and then I'm going to tell it that I
want to initialize an app, so we'll say app.
And then I need to tell it the language that it's going
to use. Now that I have this in place, I can now hit Enter,
and it's going to go through the process now of
creating our new CDK application.
And now that that's done,
it has created a project for us in this current directory.
And as you've seen here with the instructions, it's already run npm install.
So now, I'm going to open this up in VS Code.
So here I can see the project that was created with the CDK CLI. And
here we already have things like our package.json file, we have our
node_modules directory that's already pretty full with a lot of
different packages, and we even have a Git repository that has been
created within this directory.
Now the first thing I want to take a look at as I want
to take a look at this cdk.json file.
Now if I open this up, there's a few things I want to call out.
First of all,
you can see here under the app key that here were using ts‑node
to run a file called bin/typescript‑cdk.ts. And we'll review
that in just a minute, but that's going to be the entry point
for our CDK application.
In addition,
we have some other context values here that basically turn on or
off specific features of the CDK. And really,
for the most part, you shouldn't worry about these values for now.
The next thing I want to take a look at is I want to
take a look at the package.json file.
So first of all,
I want to call out that we have some dependencies
here like typescript and ts‑node.
These are included as dependencies within the projects so we don't
have to worry about installing these separately.
In addition, you can see that we're already pulling in the cdk/core.
However, when we start to use other services,
which we will within the next module,
we will need to install some additional packages from the CDK.
But you can see that out of the gate we have some things here that enable
us to build, to watch, to test, and a reference to the CDK that we can use
directly from within npm. Now one of the things that's included, because
you can see there is a test command here using Jest, is we also have a test
directory that already has a test configured for us. And here, we can see
some of the capabilities that are provided within the CDK utilizing the
matchTemplate function that has been exported. Here we can say that we
would expect that our stack that we've configured should match the template
that we've included here. Now, because we don't have any specific resources
configured within the CDK, this should work because we're telling it it
should basically create a blank template.
And so I can go here and create a new version of the terminal,
and we can run in here, and we can say npm test, and we can see
that indeed here our tests do pass.
So here you can see the testing capability that is baked in. Now, in addition,
I also want to take a look here at the tsconfig.json file.
So we already see that we have a tsconfig file that is properly
configured based on what the CDK expects.
This is another reason why it just makes sense to use the CDK CLI
until you get to the point where you're familiar enough with the
project structure that you can craft your own configuration to make
it work the way that you want it to.
Now, the next thing I want to call out here is the bin file.
This is going to be the entry point for the CDK for our application.
And if you remember,
we've talked about previously the concepts of a CDK application and a CDK
stack. And a CDK application can contain one or more stacks.
Now a stack has to exist within a single environment,
meaning that it exists within a single AWS account and a
corresponding region. Here in this case we're creating an app
here on line 6, and then right after that,
we're creating an instance of our stack,
which is a TypescriptCdkStack.
Now currently, we only have this one stack that has been generated for us,
and we can look at this by going under the lib
directory. Here, under the lib directory,
I can click on typescript‑cdk‑stack,
and here I can see the bones of a CDK stack that have already been
created for me. And I can take here where this comment is,
and I can begin to define the resources that I need for my
CDK application. And that's what we're going to be doing here within the next clip.